Chapter 23 issues (#86)
LaunchCodeEducation/intro-to-web-dev-curriculum: content/dom-and-events/studio/_index.md

{{% /notice %}}

3. When the "Land" button is clicked, the following should happen:
   - A window alert should let the user know "The shuttle is landing. Landing gear engaged."
   - The flight status should change to "The shuttle has landed."
   - The background color of the shuttle flight screen should change from blue to green.
   - The shuttle height should go down to 0.

4. When the "Abort Mission" button is clicked, the following should happen:

>    - A window confirm should let the user know "Confirm that you want to abort the mission." If the user wants to abort the mission, then add the points below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - A window should pop up, letting the user know "Confirm that you want to abort the mission." If the user wants to abort the mission, then add the points below:
```
